Summary Metrics Explained
The summary page shows aggregated metrics grouped by month, quarter and year. This page helps you see how your system has performed over the selected period.

Open Trades
The number of trades that are open at the start of the period.

New trades
The number of new trades that are initiated during the period.

Fully closed
The number of trades that were fully closed during the period.

Partially Closed
The number of trades that were partially closed during the period.

Win Rate %
Number of “fully closed” winning trades ÷ Total number of “fully closed” trades

Avg. RPT
Average RPT for “fully closed” trades during the period.

Avg. Loss
Average Loss per each “fully closed” trade during the period.

Avg. Gain
Average Gain per each “fully closed” trade during the period.

ARR
Average Risk Reward Ratio = Avg. Gain ÷ Avg. Loss.

Profit
Sum total of realised profits from “fully closed” and “partially closed” trades during the period.

Charges
Sum total of charges incurred for “fully closed” and “partially closed” trades during the period.

Net Profit
Profit - Charges

Account Value
Account value as on the last day of the period.
= Net deposits till the last day of the period + Realised Gains till the last day of the period.

Capital Deployed
Capital Deployed as on the last day of the period.
= Total Deposits - Total Withdrawals till the last day of the period

RoCD
RoCD, which stands for Return on Capital Deployed, represents the percentage gain on your capital deployed in a given period. It is calculated as the sum total of RoCD of each “fully closed” or “partially closed” trade during the period. To calculate the RoCD of each trade, the net profit of the trade is divided by the Capital Deployed (net funds added) as of the trade's open date. ROCD and ROSV are two different metrics used to calculate returns in trading. ROCD gives the percentage return over the initial capital invested, while ROSV calculates the percentage return over the starting account value for the year, including any deposits or withdrawals made in the current year till the trade was opened. ROSV is useful in measuring the annual return based on the starting account value for that year, while ROCD calculates returns over the net funds added till trade open date.
= sum total of RoCD of each “fully closed” or “partially closed” trade during the period

Adjusted Account Value
It is the Adjusted Account Value as on the last day of the period.
= Starting Account Value (1st Jan) + Net funds added in the current year till the end of the period.

RoSAV
RoSAV, which stands for Return on Starting Account Value, represents the percentage gain on your Starting Account Value (Adj.) for a given period. It is calculated as the sum total of RoSAV of each “fully closed” or “partially closed” trade during the period. To calculate the RoSAV of each trade, the net profit of the trade is divided by the Starting Account Value (Adjusted) as of the trade's open date. RoCD and RoSAV are two different metrics used to calculate returns in trading. RoCD gives the percentage return over the initial capital invested, while RoSAV calculates the percentage return over the starting account value for the year, including any deposits or withdrawals made in the current year till the trade was opened. RoSAV is useful in measuring the annual return based on the starting account value for that year, while RoCD calculates returns over the net funds added till trade open date.
RoSAV for a trade = Net Profit ÷ Starting Account Value as on the trade open date

Summary Verification steps
1. Export all trades with relavant metrics 
2. In the exported excel, Select everything and add filters
3. Fully Closed Trades + Partially Closed Trades = Trade Entry with date within period + Trade Exit with date within period. Add filter to date column and select all the months that comes within respective period.
4. Fully Closed Trades = (Exit percent = 100) AND (Date of Trade Entry is within period OR Max(Trade Exit dates) is within period). Add date filter, add Exit Percent 100 filter, add max date filter
5. Now add/count respective columns to derive various values and verify the calculations in the summary page